[Music]
yeah how are
you family how are you I hope
you're enjoying the day attention with
this saca from juan lopez de zarate the
editor of antonio david towards maria
patiño who wanted to be smart and
has eaten this tremendous zasca because we have to
learn to count maria patiño already in
itself gives me too much trouble every time I
see your verified twitter account
and with your name and surname in lowercase
please already violate it friend of twitter
that they have put in absolute
garbage to be a professional but
how can you put your name in lowercase
my daughter of my life for how well it
is bursting my eyelid well
my goodness how is journalism one only of
eight points and maria patiño who wants to be
smart says she sees 12 but of course since she's not
used to ending the sentence with
a period she doesn't see it and the one of the y because I
see 14 points and I'm not a genius well
this is one of these riddles that
go viral on social networks rosa
villacastín happy with an 8 and  He hasn't
got the trick, the trick was
also to count the periods of the
exclamation marks of the hundreds of
question marks and also the period of the
iv and the period, well,
and familiar, it's mostly about
spelling, things that it seems that
some don't know to be journalists,
how is the patio, very good, when he
himself has said it, my goodness, how is
journalism in Spain, well, what am I going to
tell you, they are not journalists of the caliber of
María Patiño, familiar will be reading you,
name, next video, a huge hug
[Music]